Michel, have you seen anywhere else?
You didn't think we let you come here alone, did you?
That's right.
You didn't hire him.
Is this kid's one or the high top?
Nice to meet you.
Joseph?
In Ferro's house?
No, like Joseph in the dungeon.
Doesn't seem so bad to me.
Kisla, you don't say something though.
Move.
You have been chosen because you were wise.
But you are lacking.
You will learn our writing.
And our language.
You will be given new names.
And at the end of three years,
you will serve the Great King.
Now you can nether.
Today.
You are foreigners.
Tomorrow?
The God's willing.
Avalonians.
Meshach.
You look like a Meshach.
Our new names sound like their gods.
New names, new language.
Soon they want us to worship their gods.
Calm down.
My father had idols.
And he worshiped Jehovah.
Did you see the same city I did?
It's the center of the world.
We'll even eat from the King's table.
But do Babylonians eat?
His servants are given only the best.
Is there a problem?
God doesn't allow us to eat such foods.
Do you fear your God?
I do.
Well, I am afraid of my Lord the King.
Who has assigned your food and drink?
He insists on these selections
to maintain your strength and vitality.
What if he should see you looking worse than appearance
than the other youths?
Who would make me guilty before the King?
I must obey the King.
So must you.
All of you.
When dinner is served,
I expect you to be hungry.
You don't speak for us.
You're right.
You can make your own choice.
Didn't you hear him?
We don't have a choice.
It's a new land with new laws.
So what if some of the food is unblood?
It's just food.
But Jehovah commanded us not to eat blood.
It's your interpretation.
You must not eat any blood at all.
What's too interpret in that?
Maybe we should all take a moment and pray.
Pray.
Here.
What's the point?
Jehovah's in Israel.
We're in Babylon now.
Don't you believe Jehovah's here too?
Jehovah said that we're his witnesses.
What will people say about Jehovah
if we give in and break his laws?
Your meal's ready.
Did you hear me?
Thank you.
But if we eat those foods,
we'll disobey our God.
Is it a starve?
No, of course not, but...
He forbids us from eating blood
and food that he calls unclean.
Please, test your servants for ten days.
And let us be given some vegetables to eat
and water to drink.
Vegetables.
Just give us ten days.
And then deal with your servants
according to what you see.
Ashman has a summon you.
He's young men or woman.
I know who they are.
We've been watching you.
You don't bow to our idols.
You pray only to your God
and you are not eating our foods.
They insisted that their God would have them.
And somehow you look healthier than the others.
Continue giving them the diet they've requested.
And built a chasar?
Your future is bright.
Don't waste it.